Updated Developer.md (#6)
elwoujdi/BitHeroes-Bot: DEVELOPER.md

## 🧪 Testing
We currently need automated tests. Creating a UI mock for testing features would also be valuable. If you have experience with testing frameworks or UI prototyping, your contributions are welcome!
- Automated tests should go in the `tests/` folder.

> - Use a framework like `pytest` for Python tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the framework `pytest` for Python tests.
```

- UI mockups and automated UI tests are welcome.
- Run all tests before merging changes.

## 🙏 Contributions Needed

> - Completing all planned features for the v2 release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Completing all [planned features](https://github.com/users/elwoujdi/projects/2/views/6) for the version 2 release
```
